hello guys and welcome to my channel
today we are going to talk about my
first impressions after a year without
alcohol and actually the reasons why I
stopped drinking at all so if you're
interested in the topic please continue
watching this video so about a year ago
um I drank my last glass of champagne it
was December 31st 2015 and I thought yes
this would be the last one I really want
to become healthier and the reason
behind that was the feeling that I got
in the morning after I drank so even two
glasses of wine would cause me to wake
up feeling really bad like my skin would
be super dry my liver would be aching
and I would be feeling a little nauseous
and I would also realize that I'm
thinking slower like alcohol really has
effect not only on her body but also in
her brain and I started reading
literature on that I started reading
about how alcohol affects her brain
cells and there are many debates about
that and some people even claim that our
brain cells go away from a body so under
the influence of alcohol they just die
and then we go to the toilet and we lose
them and I thought well nature gave me
body nature gave me all of the organs
and it gave me my brain talents and I'm
voluntarily drinking alcohol causing all
of that to disappear and I'm not even
talking about other negative effects of
alcohol like liver failure or heart
diseases because that happens with the
time but like every time we drink we
lose a brain activity and brain is
something that is really important for
me because anything we do is connection
with a brain like the way we think how
we create ideas so I decided to stop and
I told myself like yeah this is the time
and well so that time we we moved to
California and I started meeting loads
of lots of people who don't drink
alcohol like I would say 80% of my
friends don't drink alcohol at all and
this is also because they studied brain
activity and brain sciences
and they realize they want to live a
healthy life and many of them are
vegetarians and the most exciting thing
is that we just had this Christmas
celebration with 15 of my friends in
California and we didn't even have this
question like should we get some
champagne um we just bought kombucha
coconut water and iced tea and that was
everything would drink during Christmas
celebration and we had vegetarian Indian
food and we did sound yoga so it's all
really healthy and this this trend is
real like California is so healthy
especially the area where I'm living
right now and I'm really happy I can
connect with those people and I would
say well I wouldn't say uh my brain is
functioning better but I don't get this
blackouts in the mornings I don't get
those feelings up I'm really feeling I
used to feel guilty when I drank because
I felt like I'm really damaging my
health and I hope you guys can consider
that as well because many people told me
hey Italians drink wine every day and in
a million many Italian guys are watching
my videos um I don't know maybe it's a
cultural thing but I don't believe that
alcohol can be healthy yes maybe like
red wine health um has some positive
effects on our body but there are also
negative effects that diminish
everything positive about alcohol so you
know this times when you hang out with
your friends and you're thinking should
I drink I should or not and your friends
like oh yeah it's just a glass of wine
or it's just one cocktail and you end up
getting drunk but when you have this
thing that you're not drinking at all so
you don't consume alcohol when your
friends tell you hey it's just glass of
wine you say I don't drink at all and
that's it
so you don't end up getting drunk which
is great and you don't end up doing
weird things that you would regret in
the morning and also prices for
cocktails are so high like if you go to
a bar in California you would end up
paying like $10 or $20 per cocktail and
I would better spend that money on
fraiche or some smoothie that is really
healthy and really
tasty even tastier than that cocktail
you can save a lot of money if you stop
drinking another thing that might not be
true for the states but it's definitely
true for the country where I'm from and
for some other country so I'm from
Russia and we have a little fake alcohol
and there are a lot of websites that
tell you this is like an outlet for
luxury alcohol drinks like with whiskey
or martini and then people get them
because the price is lower and there is
so many deaths there are so many
situations when people become disabled
because this is fake produce and really
guys also consider that so if you are
drinking go to a specialized shops and
make sure you buy an authentic
production and the last thing I wanted
to tell you maybe it motivates you to
stop drinking alcohol as well um I've
talked to a couple of friends in the
Silicon Valley and they are developing
they're making a lot of research into
medicine into how we're going to treat
diseases in 20 years and there is a
thought that in 20 years humans would be
able to treat the majority of diseases
we know now and our lives will become
twice as long as they are now and the
goal is to preserve your body during
this 20 years so wait until everything
happens and if you're healthy in 20
years then they would be able to treat
you and you would be able to live a lot
longer so this thought really helps me
to you know continue healthy lifestyle
and this year I'm considering consuming
less sugar and also worrying less but
this is a topic for a different video so
yeah guys think about your health think
about your body and think that it is
easier to achieve your goals if your
brain is functioning well and if you're
not drinking but also up if you think
that alcohol would help you beat the
stress maybe you should consider how to
avoid stresses how to deal with stress
in different ways so let me know what
you think let me know whether you drink
at all or not or whether you thought
about stopping drinking alcohol thank
you so much for watching this video
don't forget to subscribe and like
to follow me on instagram i'm lingo
marina and i think we should make this
tradition when i'm drinking tea with you
and discussing important topics and if
you have a suggestion for the next video
don't hesitate to write it down in the
comments thank you so much for watching
it bye bye